hello everyone its Alena and I'm back
with another video quite a few of you
guys asked me what you should or maybe
also shouldn't go to law school and then
I'll honestly I never had a really
really good answer to that question so I
fought a lot about it and here are the
reasons that I could come up with for
which you should in my opinion go to law
school
number one is purpose so purpose is
about what are you gonna do with that
degree once you have it and that's also
my reason for going to law school I went
to work in human rights and I've known
that there was about 14 so I thought
about okay what do I need to do in order
to work on these big human rights cases
well I need to get a qualifying know
degree so that's what I'm doing at the
moment so I have a good reason for being
there now of course while you are in law
school you are not just going to talk
about that topic which you're really
really passionate about I mean look at
me I'm a Cambridge and Cambridge
literally just killed a human rights
course yeah
in my defense they still had it when I
applied but um yeah you know stuff like
that can happen but I'm hoping it's
going to be back when I would said yeah
but aside from my personal drama with my
courses I dare to say that you know even
though you don't just do you know the
thing you're passionate about when you
have a good reason for being there
you're a lot more motivated to work even
if it isn't in an area of law which you
want to practice in but you know why you
want that degree so you're willing to
work for it because you know you're
gonna use it for something good so
having a purpose you know for what
you're gonna do was that law degree is
in my opinion a very very good reason
for going to law school my next point is
interest do you have an interest in law
in any legal topics or do you love
debating Model United Nations or
anything similar those are all very good
indicators that you could be a good fit
for Law School
personally I figured out that I probably
like going to law school because I
researched a lot of legal concepts while
I was in high school and yeah maybe I
was just bored and I was a bit nerdy I
guess but the point is I was interested
in these things I actually have a
notebook where I have notes on like
random facts and there's a lot of like
legal stuff in this notebook it's just
like completely random things um but
yeah like I think I literally
down some of like the United Nations oh
yeah here it is the United Nations
glossary of terms relating to treaty
actions
um I think my 16 year old self had no
friends because this is what I did in my
free time now I don't want to say that
you have to go crazy like me and do that
because that's kind of stupid I guess
but the point is I was really interested
in these things and I spent a lot of
time with this notebook in Evernote bugs
and my notes and you know just working
on these things and when I was
introduced to legal concepts and history
class and global politics class I
researched them even more on my own and
that showed that I was really passionate
about that and I cared about it and I
like to hear about these cases where it
turned on the interpretation of one word
or something because that's something
that when you don't you know study law
you don't really see that this little
work and make such a huge difference but
I can and I was really fascinated by
these little things and that's how I
knew if I went to law school I would get
that every day and that's why I wanted
to go and lastly just is not really a
reason for going to law school but it's
more something that in my opinion you
need to have in order to get fruit law
school and that's a willingness to work
hard and when I say work hard I don't
mean you know this work hard where we
all look good and we put it on our
Instagram I mean working hard every day
you're gonna have to wake up early
consistently you're gonna have to get
your work done law school is not an
Elwood's experience where all of a
sudden everything goes well I can tell
you even if you work really really hard
it can still feel like it's not going
well and maybe it isn't going well at
some points and that's okay
law school wasn't made to be easy it's
really hard and you need to be willing
to put in the work so if you have that
purpose or you have that interest you
need to be willing to use that and turn
it into really hard work and that hard
work is not always going to be pretty
it's not always going to be Instagram
about there gonna be days when you don't
want to get up and work but you're going
to have to and if you're willing to do
that then law school is a great fit for
you but if you're not willing to put in
the work then
really wouldn't recommend signing up for
law school because it's not gonna be fun
and I don't think you have a very high
chance of passing so only go for a law
if hard work is something you're not
afraid of and that you think you can put
in consistently because consistency is
key and the first few weeks everybody
works hard and then you see people
stopped coming to lectures people stop
handing and work on time and that's when
you get in trouble so you need to
consistently do that you need to show up
for all of these things and if that's
something that you're ready for and if
your passion or your interest is strong
enough to fool that hard work then I
think law school is the right place for
you and yet those are the reasons which
I think are good reasons for going to
law school now I know that a lot of
people consider a law school because
they consider it a prestigious and
profitable career and yes it is that for
quite a few people who graduate from law
school but I do want to say that if you
only do this because you know you want
to make a lot of money in your life uh
yeah you can and you know maybe that is
going to be enough interest to make you
work hard but are you gonna enjoy it
are you gonna like it and if you don't
then I think law school is not a very
pleasant place for you to be so yeah in
all honesty those are the reasons which
I would think are good reasons for going
to law school I'm sure they are probably
everyone's out there I just honestly
couldn't think of them but those would
be my reasons for going to law school
and I hope you guys enjoyed this video
and maybe it helped some of you guys
figure out whether law school could be a
good fit for you guys thank you guys so
much for watching have a nice day bye